Add improvements (#2547)
wso2/docs-is: en/docs/fragments/configure-recaptcha-for-sso.md

> 1. Log in to the management console.

Reviewer: Shall we give the path?

> 2. Click **Resident** under **Identity Providers** found in the **Main** tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click **Main** > **Identity** > **Identity Providers** > **Resident**.
```

3. Expand the **Login Attempts Security** tab. Then, expand the **reCaptcha for SSO Login** tab.

4. Select the relevant option according to your requirement:

    - **Always prompt reCaptcha:** 

        Select this option to prompt users for reCaptcha with every SSO login attempt. 

    - **Prompt reCaptcha after max failed attempts:** 
    

>         Select this option to prompt reCAPTCHA only after the number of max failed attempts has been exceeded. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Select this option to prompt reCAPTCHA only after the number of max failed attempts exceed. 
```

>         Select this option to prompt reCAPTCHA only after the number of max failed attempts has been exceeded. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Select this option to prompt reCAPTCHA only after the number of max failed attempts exceed. 
```

>         If this option is selected, enter a value for the **Max failed attempts for reCaptcha** field as well. For example, if you enter 3, reCaptcha will be re-enabled after 3 failed attempts.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        If you select this option, enter a value for the **Max failed attempts for reCaptcha** field as well. For example, if you enter 3, reCaptcha will be re-enabled after 3 failed attempts.  
```

>         If this option is selected, enter a value for the **Max failed attempts for reCaptcha** field as well. For example, if you enter 3, reCaptcha will be re-enabled after 3 failed attempts.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        If you select this option, enter a value for the **Max failed attempts for reCaptcha** field as well. For example, if you enter 3, reCaptcha will be re-enabled after 3 failed attempts.  
```
